When user visits the website, login page appears at first.

A box with default login box opens.

In the box, only one label(username) with an input box will be there.

Under the input box, a "Set" button will be there.

licking on set will take the user to the home screen.

If any username already exists, a message will pop up quoting that this username is already taken.



Home Page:

	On the home page, a search bar will be there over which a text will be there quoting "Enter the username you want to chat with".

	Next to the search bar, there will be send request button, clicking it will send a request to the intended user.

	If not accepted, a request can stay alive for 180 seconds.
	
	On the top right corner there will be a button named requests.

	If that button is clicked, a tab opens up on the right side of the screen.

	The tab has 2 sub tabs, one for outgoing and another for incoming. clicking on a sub tab will show its contents on the whole tab.

	Each sent request will be shown in outgoing subtab and each incoming will be shown in incoming.

	Each outgoing request will have a cancel button and each incoming request will have an accept button.

	If cancel is clicked, the ongoing request gets dumped, and if accept is clicked, both the clients get a message quoting "starting chat in 5, 4, 3...".

	After 5 seconds both get redirected to the chat page.

	If the search bar is empty, send request button will be disabled.
	
	If the send request button is clicked and the username does not exist in the data, then a message pops quoting "Username does not exist, please select a valid username".

	A user can send requests to different users at once, in that case, the user who accepts the request first gets to chat with the sender.

	All pending outgoing requests get discarded if a user starts chatting with another. Incoming requests stay unaffected.

Chat page:

	The home page will have requests button on the top right panel.

	Outgoing tab will stay cleared, in incoming tab, incoming requests will be there.

	Next to each incoming request, a "Leave chat and accept" button will be there, clicking on it will leave the current chat and let the user join the accepted chat in 5 seconds.

	

	In the middle of the screen, name of the receiver user will be there.

	On the top left corner, logo of the website will be there.

	Under the logo, leave chat button will be there, clicking on it will redirect the user to home page.

	A message bar will be there at the bottom of the page with a send button (arrow head).

	Sender's messages will be positioned on the right and receiver's messages will be positioned on the left.
	
	Messages can take at most 80% of the screen width.